regenerator/README.md, before:

regenerator [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/facebook/regenerator.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/facebook/regenerator)
===

This package implements a fully-functional source transformation that
takes the proposed syntax for generators/`yield` from future versions of
JS (ECMAScript6 or ES6, experimentally implemented in Node.js v0.11) and
spits out efficient JS-of-today (ES5) that behaves the same way.

A small runtime library (less than 1KB compressed) is required to provide the
`wrapGenerator` function. You can install it either as a CommonJS module
or as a standalone .js file, whichever you prefer.

Installation
---

From NPM:
```sh
npm install regenerator
```

From GitHub:
```sh
cd path/to/node_modules
git clone git://github.com/benjamn/regenerator.git
cd regenerator
npm install .
npm test
```

Usage
---

You have several options for using this module.

Simplest usage:
```sh
path/to/node_modules/regenerator/bin/regenerate es6.js > es5.js
```

Programmatic usage:
```js
var es5Source = require("regenerator")(es6Source);
```

AST transformation:
```js
var recast = require("recast");
var ast = recast.parse(es6Source);
ast = require("regenerator").transform(ast);
var es5Source = recast.print(ast);
```

How can you get involved?
---

Fork the repository, create some failing tests cases, and send me pull
requests. If you're feeling brave, you are more than welcome to dive into
the transformer code and fix the bug(s) yourself.

Commit message:

Expand on the "How can you get involved?" section of README.md.

regenerator/README.md, after:

regenerator [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/facebook/regenerator.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/facebook/regenerator)
===

This package implements a fully-functional source transformation that
takes the proposed syntax for generators/`yield` from future versions of
JS (ECMAScript6 or ES6, experimentally implemented in Node.js v0.11) and
spits out efficient JS-of-today (ES5) that behaves the same way.

A small runtime library (less than 1KB compressed) is required to provide the
`wrapGenerator` function. You can install it either as a CommonJS module
or as a standalone .js file, whichever you prefer.

Installation
---

From NPM:
```sh
npm install regenerator
```

From GitHub:
```sh
cd path/to/node_modules
git clone git://github.com/benjamn/regenerator.git
cd regenerator
npm install .
npm test
```

Usage
---

You have several options for using this module.

Simplest usage:
```sh
path/to/node_modules/regenerator/bin/regenerate es6.js > es5.js
```

Programmatic usage:
```js
var es5Source = require("regenerator")(es6Source);
```

AST transformation:
```js
var recast = require("recast");
var ast = recast.parse(es6Source);
ast = require("regenerator").transform(ast);
var es5Source = recast.print(ast);
```

How can you get involved?
---

The easiest way to get involved is to look for buggy examples using [the
sandbox](http://facebook.github.io/regenerator/), and when you find
something strange just click the "report a bug" link (the new issue form
will be populated automatically with the problematic code).

Alternatively, you can
[fork](https://github.com/facebook/regenerator/fork) the repository,
create some failing tests cases in [test/tests.es6.js](
https://github.com/facebook/regenerator/blob/master/test/tests.es6.js),
and send pull requests for me to fix.

If you're feeling especially brave, you are more than welcome to dive into
the transformer code and fix the bug(s) yourself, but I must warn you that
the code could really benefit from [better implementation
comments](https://github.com/facebook/regenerator/issues/7).
