packages/babel-plugin-transform-react-inline-elements/README.md, before:

# babel-plugin-transform-react-inline-elements

> Replaces the `React.createElement` function with one that is more optimized for production: `babelHelpers.jsx`.

## Example

**In**

```javascript
<Baz foo="bar" key="1"></Baz>;
```

**Out**

```javascript
babelHelpers.jsx(Baz, {
  foo: "bar"
}, "1");

/**
 * Instead of
 *
 * React.createElement(Baz, {
 *   foo: "bar",
 *   key: "1",
 * });
 */
```

**Deopt**

```js
// The plugin will still use React.createElement when `ref` or `object rest spread` is used
<Foo ref="bar" />
<Foo {...bar} />
```

## Installation

```sh
npm install --save-dev babel-plugin-transform-react-inline-elements
```

## Usage

### Via `.babelrc` (Recommended)

**.babelrc**

```json
{
  "plugins": ["transform-react-inline-elements"]
}
```

### Via CLI

```sh
babel --plugins transform-react-inline-elements script.js
```

### Via Node API

```javascript
require("babel-core").transform("code", {
  plugins: ["transform-react-inline-elements"]
});
```

## References

* [[facebook/react#3228] Optimizing Compiler: Inline React Elements](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/3228)

Commit message:

Added clarification note about transform-react-inline-elements usage with transform-runtime [skip ci]

packages/babel-plugin-transform-react-inline-elements/README.md, after:

# babel-plugin-transform-react-inline-elements

> Replaces the `React.createElement` function with one that is more optimized for production: `babelHelpers.jsx`.

## Note
When using with `transform-runtime`, polyfills (by default including `Symbol`) are specifically scoped to not pollute global scope. This breaks usage with React, as it won't have access to that polyfill and will cause your application to fail in legacy browsers.

Even if `['transform-runtime', { helpers: true, polyfill: false }]` is specified it might still break, because `helpers` come precompiled then, causing the same issue.

In such case we recommend importing/requiring `babel-polyfill` in the entry point of your application and using `babel-preset-env` with the `useBuiltIns` option to only include the polyfills your targets need. Alternatively you can import/require more granular `core-js/modules/es6.symbol`

This transform **should be enabled only in production** (e.g., just before minifying your code) because although it improves runtime performance, it makes warning messages more cryptic and skips important checks that happen in development mode, including propTypes.

## Example

**In**

```javascript
<Baz foo="bar" key="1"></Baz>;
```

**Out**

```javascript
babelHelpers.jsx(Baz, {
  foo: "bar"
}, "1");

/**
 * Instead of
 *
 * React.createElement(Baz, {
 *   foo: "bar",
 *   key: "1",
 * });
 */
```

**Deopt**

```js
// The plugin will still use React.createElement when `ref` or `object rest spread` is used
<Foo ref="bar" />
<Foo {...bar} />
```

## Installation

```sh
npm install --save-dev babel-plugin-transform-react-inline-elements
```

## Usage

### Via `.babelrc` (Recommended)

**.babelrc**

```json
{
  "plugins": ["transform-react-inline-elements"]
}
```

### Via CLI

```sh
babel --plugins transform-react-inline-elements script.js
```

### Via Node API

```javascript
require("babel-core").transform("code", {
  plugins: ["transform-react-inline-elements"]
});
```

## References

* [[facebook/react#3228] Optimizing Compiler: Inline React Elements](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/3228)
